Update Snowflake setup doc (#6011)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/unify/linked-profiles/setup-guides/snowflake-setup.md

On this page, you'll learn how to connect your Snowflake data warehouse to Segment.

> Within Snowflake, log in with a user that has admin priveleges to provide Segment Linked Profiles with the necessary permissions below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log in to Snowflake with a user that has admin privileges to provide Segment Linked Profiles with the necessary permissions below.
```

> info ""
> Both Linked Events and Linked Profiles support Snowflake. 

## Required connection settings within Segment

Segment requires the following settings to connect to your Snowflake warehouse.

![Connect Snowflake to the Data Graph](/docs/unify/images/snowflake-setup.png)

- **Account ID**: The Snowflake account ID that uniquely identifies your organization account.
- **Database Name**: The only database that Segment requires write access to in order to create tables for internal bookkeeping. This database is referred to as `segment_connection_db` in the script below.

> - **Warehouse**: The warehouse in your Snowflake account that you wish to use for Segment to run the SQL queries. This warehouse is referred to as `segment_connection_warehouse` in the script below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Warehouse**: The warehouse in your Snowflake account that you want to use for Segment to run the SQL queries. This warehouse is referred to as `segment_connection_warehouse` in the script below.
```

GRANT SELECT ON ALL TABLES IN DATABASE identifier($linked_read_only_database) TO ROLE identifier($segment_connection_role);
GRANT SELECT ON FUTURE TABLES IN DATABASE identifier($linked_read_only_database) TO ROLE identifier($segment_connection_role);
GRANT SELECT ON ALL VIEWS IN DATABASE identifier($linked_read_only_database) TO ROLE identifier($segment_connection_role);
GRANT SELECT ON FUTURE VIEWS IN DATABASE identifier($linked_read_only_database) TO ROLE identifier($segment_connection_role);
GRANT SELECT ON ALL EXTERNAL TABLES IN DATABASE identifier($linked_read_only_database) TO ROLE identifier($segment_connection_role);
GRANT SELECT ON FUTURE EXTERNAL TABLES IN DATABASE identifier($linked_read_only_database) TO ROLE identifier($segment_connection_role);
GRANT SELECT ON ALL MATERIALIZED VIEWS IN DATABASE identifier($linked_read_only_database) TO ROLE identifier($segment_connection_role);
GRANT SELECT ON FUTURE MATERIALIZED VIEWS IN DATABASE identifier($linked_read_only_database) TO ROLE identifier($segment_connection_role);

```

### (Optional) Snowflake schema access

> [Snowflake schema access](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-access-control-privileges#table-privileges): If you want to restrict access to specific schemas or tables, then run the following commands: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Snowflake schema access](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-access-control-privileges#table-privileges){:target="_blank”}: If you want to restrict access to specific schemas or tables, run the following commands: 
```

```

### (If applicable) Add Snowflake table permissions 
Run the following SQL if you run into an error on the Segment app indicating that the user doesn't have sufficient priveleges on an existing `_segment_reverse_etl` schema.
 
If Segment Reverse ETL has ever run in the database you are configuring as the Segment connection database, a Segment-managed schema is already created and you need to provide the new Segment user access to the existing schema. 

> warning ""
> This is only applicable if you choose to use an existing database as the Segment connection database that has also been used for Segment Reverse ETL.

Add the Snowflake table permissions by running the following commands:

```ts
-- If you want to use an existing database that already has Segment Reverse ETL schemas, you’ll need to run some additional steps below to grant the role access to the existing schemas.

SET retl_schema = concat($segment_internal_database,'.__segment_reverse_etl');

GRANT USAGE ON SCHEMA identifier($retl_schema) TO ROLE identifier($segment_connection_role);

GRANT CREATE TABLE ON SCHEMA identifier($retl_schema) TO ROLE identifier($segment_connection_role);

> GRANT SELECT,INSERT,UPDATE,DELETE ON ALL TABLES IN SCHEMA identifier($retl_schema) TO ROLE identifier($segment_connection_role);

Reviewer: ah never mind - this might be an intended part of the code snippet
